133 ictt course add multi hop chapter (#140)
ava-labs/avalanche-academy: content/course/interchain-token-transfer/07-tokens-on-multiple-chains/04-multihop.mdx

---
title: Multi-hop Transfer
description: Perform the multi-hop transfer of `TOK` from `myblockchain` to `myblockchain2`, with a 'hop' through the Avalanche C-Chain.
updated: 2024-05-31
authors: [owenwahlgren]
icon: Book
---

import { Step, Steps } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/steps';

<Steps>
<Step>

### Transfer the Token Cross-chain with a Multi-hop Transfer

Now that all the bridge contracts have been deployed and configured, send the ERC-20 token from `myblockchain` to `myblockchain2` with the [`cast send`](https://book.getfoundry.sh/reference/cast/cast-send) foundry command.

The token will be routed through the Avalanche C-Chain and then to `myblockchain2`.

```bash
cast send --rpc-url myblockchain --private-key $PK $ERC20_TOKEN_REMOTE_L1 \
"send((bytes32, address, address, address, uint256, uint256, uint256, address), uint256)" \
"(${SOURCE_BLOCKCHAIN2_ID_HEX}, ${ERC20_TOKEN_REMOTE_CHAIN2}, ${FUNDED_ADDRESS}, ${ERC20_C_CHAIN}, 0, 0, 250000, ${FUNDED_ADDRESS})" 500000000000000
```

</Step>
<Step>

### Check Balance

> To confirm the token was bridged from C-Chain to a Avalanche L1, we will check the recipient's balance of wrapped tokens on the Avalanche L1 with the [`cast call`](https://book.getfoundry.sh/reference/cast/cast-call?highlight=cast%20call#cast-call) foundry command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To confirm the token was bridged from `myblockchain1` to `myblockchain2` via the C-Chain, we will check the recipient's balance on `myblockchain2` with the [`cast call`](https://book.getfoundry.sh/reference/cast/cast-call?highlight=cast%20call#cast-call) foundry command:
```
